---
title: Story
nav_exclude: true
---

_Just for fun, no project-relevant content on this page._

Your plan to defeat REGULUS's surveillance with cryptography is a huge success.
With the help of EvanBot's friends on the inside, you create a huge underground
network of rebellious Kaltupia employees. Together, you leak records of
Kaltupia's evil schemes to the press, inject malware that causes massive
Kaltupia service outages, and disrupt Kaltupia's surveillance operations.

As a result of your efforts, the public is quickly losing faith in Kaltupia.
People are no longer rushing to the Kaltupia Stores to buy the weekly new model
of the KalPhone. Public interest in learning computer security increases by
300\%. Memes of Phisher in a guillotine start to go viral.

Kaltupia, of course, does not take all this lying down. Furious at all the
encrypted content in REGULUS, Phisher decides to launch a last-ditch effort to
preserve Kaltupia.

UnicornDox is a small startup founded by CS 161 alumni that has developed a
state-of-the-art algorithm for breaking even the strongest encryption schemes.
Seeing an opportunity, Phisher immediately absorbs the startup, fires all the
employees, and merges their code into REGULUS. The result is rebranded as
UnicornBox (UNIversal Centralized Online Regulatory Network BOX) and unveiled to
the public as Kaltupia's latest and greatest file-sharing service.

Just like that, all seems hopeless again. Without encryption, you cannot contact
your allies on UnicornBox anymore. But not all hope is lost--it turns out one of
the CS 161 alumni was part of your REGULUS operation, and fearing this exact
situation, they left many vulnerabilities in the UnicornBox source code for you
to discover.

With the help of the trusty EvanBot and your knowledge of web security, exploit
all the vulnerablities to destroy the UnicornBox web server, deal the finishing
blow to Kaltupia, and restore freedom, privacy, and justice across the land.

![EvanBot silhouetted against the night sky, raising a torch](images/lux.jpg)
